well howdy there internet people its Bo
again I don't do hot takes I don't do
reaction videos it's not my thing
however just become aware of something
and I don't want anybody to get hurt
okay I am NOT up on the whole saga here
I have no clue why have a pumpkin
sitting back there to be completely
honest but this is something that needs
to be addressed there are some pastors
and I use that term loosely that plan on
coming down here to Florida and going to
the pulse nightclub on the anniversary
of the attack and instigating something
taking them up on their dare quote
picking a fight start an argument after
threatening people and their videos if
you look at through their videos in the
past they are ridiculous celebrating the
deaths of people saying that gay people
you know don't deserve to live and
celebrating the executioners and saying
they belong six feet under and all of
this stuff it is something that a
reasonable person would believe is a
threat a threat of bodily harm and
they're going to go down there and
instigate something I am certain that
you clowns have some image in your head
of what a gay man is like there is
nothing prohibiting a gay man from also
being Florida man and overseas viewers
have asked me to explain what Florida
man is I haven't done a video on it
Florida man is a unique creature that
can only exist in a state with wildlife
the weather the water the terrain the
bugs everything including the people a
lot of times are trying to kill you and
our legislation reflects that in that
vein I would like to read a law a person
is justified in using or threatening to
use deadly force if he or she reasonably
believes that using threatening to use
such force is necessary to prevent
imminent death or great bodily harm to
himself or herself or another
person or to prevent the eminent
commission of a forcible felony I've
looked in your little groups a lot of
what you're talking about
that's a forcible felony y'all need to
take this to another state
y'all are traveling across the country
to go to the one place or this behavior
can legally get you shot I'm telling you
this because I don't want to see anybody
hurt what you're doing is wrong it's
wrong morally it's wrong on every level
and in Florida
oh it's legally wrong there is no
reasonable person that would look at
those videos and think you would not
cause them great bodily harm and if you
act any of the ways that I've seen
talked about oh yeah those are forcible
felonies y'all need to call this off you
need to take this to a state where it
might be tolerated this is not going to
go well and I'm telling you this because
I don't want to see anybody hurt and as
far as you pastors go
you're the reason people to go to church
anymore you're gonna travel across the
country so you can have your little
bigoted conference and Mock the deaths
of people who were murdered yeah that's
what Jesus would do anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night